gibberish
I started the surgery today, it should be you
Oh, it does?
I've never heard of anyone who asks for guilt
Back-first surgery
Ask for guilt
You are a mere wild dog worthy of criminal investigation
I think you just threw yourself into the net
It's not just about throwing yourself into the net.
Moth to Fire
I think it's mostly this bottom trash.
He knew that he was incapable of confronting the four patriarchs
Specially run to die
If so
You're such a worthless piece of trash, aren't you?
Death can't keep up with good
Boy, if you came to die a day earlier
Maybe I can give you a treat.
But now
It's too late, gentlemen
Before I cut into the Shen family
Let me ask you three questions.
Is the ceremonial guard of the Shen family the head of the Shen family?
And why did he come to Yandu last night?
What happened to him after he came to Yandu?
Why don't you use your brains?
Think about it.
Okay, so much to say
You don't mean to say
Did you kill this Shen Dashuai?
Dionysian last night
You heard it.
What if you hear it?
The sky-shaking drum rings the four seas
With a loud sound
Two ten thousand horses
Three-tone vassal return
Four sounds of chaos
Wusheng Kyushu Prefecture
Liuteng Badang River
Qisheng Tianqing County
Octonic Mines Agency
Nine Tones Divine Rate Rhyme
Kill all the evil and be like a traitor
What you people do
It has angered the god
Death is imminent without knowing it
If you are afraid
Beg me for mercy now
I can leave you with a word of power